README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2022
- [Advent od Code 2022 main page](https://adventofcode.com/2022)

## Day 1: Calorie Counting
 - [Code](day-01-calorie-counting)
 - [Part 1 description](day-01-calorie-counting/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-01-calorie-counting/README.md#part-2)

## Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors
 - [Code](day-02-rock-paper-scissors)
 - [Part 1 description](day-02-rock-paper-scissors/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-02-rock-paper-scissors/README.md#part-2)

## Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization
 - [Code](day-03-rucksack-reorganization)
 - [Part 1 description](day-03-rucksack-reorganization/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-03-rucksack-reorganization/README.md#part-2)

## Day 4: Camp Cleanup
 - [Code](day-04-camp-cleanup)
 - [Part 1 description](day-04-camp-cleanup/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-04-camp-cleanup/README.md#part-2)

## Day 5: Supply Stacks
 - [Code](day-05-supply-stacks)
 - [Part 1 description](day-05-supply-stacks/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-05-supply-stacks/README.md#part-2)

## Day 6: Tuning Trouble
 - [Code](day-06-tuning-trouble)
 - [Part 1 description](day-06-tuning-trouble/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-06-tuning-trouble/README.md#part-2)

## Day 7: No Space Left On Device
 - [Code](day-07-no-space-left-on-device)
 - [Part 1 description](day-07-no-space-left-on-device/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-07-no-space-left-on-device/README.md#part-2)

## Day 8: Treetop Tree House
 - [Code](day-08-treetop-tree-house)
 - [Part 1 description](day-08-treetop-tree-house/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-08-treetop-tree-house/README.md#part-2)

## Day 9: Rope Bridge
 - [Code](day-09-rope-bridge)
 - [Part 1 description](day-09-rope-bridge/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-09-rope-bridge/README.md#part-2)

## Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube
 - [Code](day-10-cathode-ray-tube)
 - [Part 1 description](day-10-cathode-ray-tube/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-10-cathode-ray-tube/README.md#part-2)

## Day 11: Cathode-Ray Tube
 - [Code](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle)
 - [Part 1 description](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle/README.md#part-2)

## Day 12: Hill Climbing Algorithm
 - [Code](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm)
 - [Part 1 description](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm/README.md#part-2)

## Day 13: Distress Signal
 - [Code](day-13-distress-signal)
 - [Part 1 description](day-13-distress-signal/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-13-distress-signal/README.md#part-2)

## Day 14: Regolith Reservoir
 - [Code](day-14-regolith-reservoir)
 - [Part 1 description](day-14-regolith-reservoir/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-14-regolith-reservoir/README.md#part-2)

## Day 15: Beacon Exclusion Zone
 - [Code](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone)
 - [Part 1 description](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone/README.md#part-2)

## Day 16: Proboscidea Volcanium
 - [Code](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium)
 - [Part 1 description](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium/README.md#part-2)

## Day 17: Pyroclastic Flow
 - [Code](day-17-pyroclastic-flow)
 - [Part 1 description](day-17-pyroclastic-flow/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-17-pyroclastic-flow/README.md#part-2)

## Day 18: Boiling Boulders
 - [Code](day-18-boiling-boulders)
 - [Part 1 description](day-18-boiling-boulders/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-18-boiling-boulders/README.md#part-2)

## Day 19: Not Enough Minerals
 - [Code](day-19-not-enough-minerals)
 - [Part 1 description](day-19-not-enough-minerals/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-19-not-enough-minerals/README.md#part-2)

## Day 20: Grove Positioning System
 - [Code](day-20-grove-positioning-system)
 - [Part 1 description](day-20-grove-positioning-system/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-20-grove-positioning-system/README.md#part-2)

## Day 21: Monkey Math
 - [Code](day-21-monkey-math)
 - [Part 1 description](day-21-monkey-math/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-21-monkey-math/README.md#part-2)

## Day 22: Monkey Map
 - [Code](day-22-monkey-map)
 - [Part 1 description](day-22-monkey-map/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-22-monkey-map/README.md#part-2)

## Day 23: Unstable Diffusion
 - [Code](day-23-unstable-diffusion)
 - [Part 1 description](day-23-unstable-diffusion/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-23-unstable-diffusion/README.md#part-2)

## Day 24: Blizzard Basin
 - [Code](day-24-blizzard-basin)
 - [Part 1 description](day-24-blizzard-basin/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-24-blizzard-basin/README.md#part-2)

## Day 25: Full of Hot Air
 - [Code](day-25-full-of-hot-air)
 - [Part 1 description](day-25-full-of-hot-air/README.md#part-1)

Commit message:

Add final image and description

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2022

## [Advent od Code 2022 main page](https://adventofcode.com/2022)

## Description

Advent of Code 2022 solutions in Rust.

## Final result
![Final Advent of Code 2022 result](final_image.png "Final Advent of Code 2022 result").

## Day 1: Calorie Counting
 - [Code](day-01-calorie-counting)
 - [Part 1 description](day-01-calorie-counting/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-01-calorie-counting/README.md#part-2)

## Day 2: Rock Paper Scissors
 - [Code](day-02-rock-paper-scissors)
 - [Part 1 description](day-02-rock-paper-scissors/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-02-rock-paper-scissors/README.md#part-2)

## Day 3: Rucksack Reorganization
 - [Code](day-03-rucksack-reorganization)
 - [Part 1 description](day-03-rucksack-reorganization/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-03-rucksack-reorganization/README.md#part-2)

## Day 4: Camp Cleanup
 - [Code](day-04-camp-cleanup)
 - [Part 1 description](day-04-camp-cleanup/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-04-camp-cleanup/README.md#part-2)

## Day 5: Supply Stacks
 - [Code](day-05-supply-stacks)
 - [Part 1 description](day-05-supply-stacks/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-05-supply-stacks/README.md#part-2)

## Day 6: Tuning Trouble
 - [Code](day-06-tuning-trouble)
 - [Part 1 description](day-06-tuning-trouble/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-06-tuning-trouble/README.md#part-2)

## Day 7: No Space Left On Device
 - [Code](day-07-no-space-left-on-device)
 - [Part 1 description](day-07-no-space-left-on-device/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-07-no-space-left-on-device/README.md#part-2)

## Day 8: Treetop Tree House
 - [Code](day-08-treetop-tree-house)
 - [Part 1 description](day-08-treetop-tree-house/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-08-treetop-tree-house/README.md#part-2)

## Day 9: Rope Bridge
 - [Code](day-09-rope-bridge)
 - [Part 1 description](day-09-rope-bridge/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-09-rope-bridge/README.md#part-2)

## Day 10: Cathode-Ray Tube
 - [Code](day-10-cathode-ray-tube)
 - [Part 1 description](day-10-cathode-ray-tube/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-10-cathode-ray-tube/README.md#part-2)

## Day 11: Cathode-Ray Tube
 - [Code](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle)
 - [Part 1 description](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-11-monkey-in-the-middle/README.md#part-2)

## Day 12: Hill Climbing Algorithm
 - [Code](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm)
 - [Part 1 description](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-12-hill-climbing-algorithm/README.md#part-2)

## Day 13: Distress Signal
 - [Code](day-13-distress-signal)
 - [Part 1 description](day-13-distress-signal/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-13-distress-signal/README.md#part-2)

## Day 14: Regolith Reservoir
 - [Code](day-14-regolith-reservoir)
 - [Part 1 description](day-14-regolith-reservoir/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-14-regolith-reservoir/README.md#part-2)

## Day 15: Beacon Exclusion Zone
 - [Code](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone)
 - [Part 1 description](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-15-beacon-exclusion-zone/README.md#part-2)

## Day 16: Proboscidea Volcanium
 - [Code](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium)
 - [Part 1 description](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-16-proboscidea-volcanium/README.md#part-2)

## Day 17: Pyroclastic Flow
 - [Code](day-17-pyroclastic-flow)
 - [Part 1 description](day-17-pyroclastic-flow/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-17-pyroclastic-flow/README.md#part-2)

## Day 18: Boiling Boulders
 - [Code](day-18-boiling-boulders)
 - [Part 1 description](day-18-boiling-boulders/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-18-boiling-boulders/README.md#part-2)

## Day 19: Not Enough Minerals
 - [Code](day-19-not-enough-minerals)
 - [Part 1 description](day-19-not-enough-minerals/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-19-not-enough-minerals/README.md#part-2)

## Day 20: Grove Positioning System
 - [Code](day-20-grove-positioning-system)
 - [Part 1 description](day-20-grove-positioning-system/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-20-grove-positioning-system/README.md#part-2)

## Day 21: Monkey Math
 - [Code](day-21-monkey-math)
 - [Part 1 description](day-21-monkey-math/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-21-monkey-math/README.md#part-2)

## Day 22: Monkey Map
 - [Code](day-22-monkey-map)
 - [Part 1 description](day-22-monkey-map/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-22-monkey-map/README.md#part-2)

## Day 23: Unstable Diffusion
 - [Code](day-23-unstable-diffusion)
 - [Part 1 description](day-23-unstable-diffusion/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-23-unstable-diffusion/README.md#part-2)

## Day 24: Blizzard Basin
 - [Code](day-24-blizzard-basin)
 - [Part 1 description](day-24-blizzard-basin/README.md#part-1)
 - [Part 2 description](day-24-blizzard-basin/README.md#part-2)

## Day 25: Full of Hot Air
 - [Code](day-25-full-of-hot-air)
 - [Part 1 description](day-25-full-of-hot-air/README.md#part-1)
